i never replied to joss's email and  then shortly after that first email he  emailed me again to like check in on me  and kind of said you know i don't i  guess i don't i won't hear from you for  a while  and i didn't reply again and  you know after reading every book on  psychology as i mentioned um  i i had come to this difficult  conclusion that i needed to  cut all contact for the sake of my own  mental health  the reality was  i loved him with all my heart but  he didn't love me back and  for the sake of transparency  for him um  i  was very clear i i told him that i was a  virgin he was definitely he definitely  was into the idea that i was a virgin  but i also never felt like i  felt like i never felt pressured to do  anything with him it was all totally  consensual  um  and you know i did want to i just kept  saying to myself  i just need to live in the moment  and  enjoy this experience for what it  is but deep down  i knew  for the first time in my life  i was in  [Music]  love my name is erin shade hickox but  mostly i go by aaron shade because it's  easier and it sounds cooler i'm from  this place villanova pennsylvania it's  in this area known as the main line of  philadelphia where all of these super  well to do rich people live i definitely  grew up in a very privileged life in  fact my parents never let me forget it  because they didn't really grow up from  this grew up in this kind of wealth so  they were constantly you know reminding  us that we were very lucky and  privileged to be living this lifestyle  they were  very  like republican leaning people so  fox news was on like 24 7. my all-time  favorite cartoon growing up was sailor  moon  i often wish that i could like be a  sailor since she and like save the world  just like her  it made me want to learn japanese too  and after years of begging my parents  i convinced them to pay for her private  tutoring in japanese on the weekends but  overall my made-up session was still tv  when i was 15 i  had this thought one day  in october  when i was 15.  and  [Music]  the thought was  i needed to watch buffy the vampire  slayer  [Music]  and so  i borrowed my friends dvds because this  was like before streaming was a thing  obviously  and i binged the entire series in a  month there was something about the  writing that really drew me in  and i'd always loved writing and i'd  always loved tv but for whatever reason  i just hadn't put like two and two  together i hadn't thought like i should  be a tv writer but then when i saw buffy  i was like  i have to be a tv writer and so  from that moment on  everything i did was in the singular  pursuit of this goal  i had to be a tv writer or else there  was nothing else i could do with my life  throughout this whole time as i was  going through high school i  kept thinking you know how cool would it  be to be an assistant  on a joss whedon tv show so in 2008  i moved to la  to matriculate into usc film school and  um  by the second semester i was already  interning because  i was very ambitious and i just like  wanted to hit the ground running because  i was like okay if i'm gonna be in a  hollywood assistant i have to start  interning now right away so that by the  time i graduate i can like seamlessly  transition into my hollywood assistant  career which will then become my tv  writer career  so this is the plan it was like a very  like long-term plan i had flash forward  three years several nervous breakdowns  and depressive episodes later um i  managed to graduate usc film school as  i'm sure many people remember uh this  was when people liked joss whedon people  like uh he avengers was so amazing like  everyone loved it it was the top  grossing movie ever and everything  and he was like riding his career high  he needed a second assistant and  i actually didn't think i was qualified  for this job um  someone at my work actually had to like  convince me to apply i was like i don't  know like i just graduated college like  i don't think i can do this and she was  like what are you talking about like  give me your resume i'm gonna send it to  my fiance and then he will give it to  his boss and you will get in and i was  like okay i was called back to interview  for the final round of four people  um at marvel studios with joss himself  and i  just remember thinking like  wow like  i'm only like  two three three months out of college  and i'm about to go interview with joss  whedon like i could hardly believe it  was even happening and  i remember as soon as i walked in it was  like all the air had been sucked out of  the room like  i was just so surprised like that he  was  so depressed he was so  there's just  heavy depression energy all over him and  i quickly learned that  he had just separated from his wife and  that he had just moved into his  own new house but still he was like  super nice and like really kind and we  had like a really nice chat and  he i remember he had told me that  um he had just gotten back from japan  and that he had gone to the ghibli  museum and i was like oh my gosh like i  love japan like i studied abroad there  like i study japanese and i love anime  and everything and  um  and  i forget what else we talked about but i  mean i feel like we vibed we buy pretty  well despite him kind of being like  i think sad and stressed um  and  i remember  at the end of the interview as i was  leaving i was like i turned him and i  was like  everything's gonna be okay  and the following monday  um  i  got a call from his assistant and he was  like hey  so um  unfortunately you didn't get the job  but  joss really liked you and  he thinks that maybe you'd be a really  good fit for  this new tv show that we're developing  for marvel  um and it would be more of like a tv  writer's room job like would you be  interested in that and i was like  um  yeah  yes i was like yes like of course like  oh that's even better than being  someone's personal assistant i was like  somehow i failed upwards like i don't  know how i did it but i was like this is  even better than before this new show  would soon become  marvel's agents of shield  code name ragtag you know by this point  you know i could not believe my luck i  was like how did i do this like  it's almost working  too perfectly it was like i was getting  you know  a personalized crash course and how tv  was made and  and  one day at work  around this time  we were preparing to move offices from  santa monica to culver city and  i got a text from joss  and  he said that he was on his major  deadline for  this avengers sequel script thing that  he was working on  and  he was wondering if i would be free  um that weekend to basically like watch  him like a hawk while he was like made  to finish it basically uh on time and um  you know and check for typos and things  like that and just kind of be like you  know a little bit like a babysitter for  him to like make him do his job a little  bit  um and  he offered me  two thousand five hundred dollars to  do this for him  i didn't think there was anything weird  about it  and  also one of the marvel executives on the  movie was set to join him on one of the  days and so like he knew i was going to  be there and everything  so again i just like didn't think that  it was anything untoward also side note  two thousand five hundred dollars was  more money than i made in a month on uh  that assistant job so i was like sweet  extra cash for me  um the only caveat was that  he asked me to  keep this a secret  i promised him i was like of course like  i'll keep it between you and me it's  just you know i don't want to like  mess anything up but i was just so  excited to be there and it was such an  experience and  he was really nice and he made a lot of  progress in the script and  on sunday night after everything was  done  he was so happy to have made his  deadline and thanked me profusely for my  help  and i was like i didn't really do  anything but like okay sure you're  welcome  um he was like no you really helped me  and  can i take you to dinner and i was like  sure yeah on our walk back to his place  [Music]  um we were just chatting about life and  we basically just like became friends  over the next several weeks  we began like exchanging more texts all  the time and  our friendship grew  [Music]  and  then one night  towards the end of june i  got a text from joss and he asked me if  i wanted to come over and watch a movie  and i was like  sure yeah  um  but as i was driving over there i was  like  we are friends but  i also kind of feel like something could  happen  and  maybe i'm making a huge mistake but like  he's so kind and funny and i feel like a  really vibe and  maybe i'm just being paranoid i don't  know like we are just friends like  everything's totally fine we'll be fine  everything's normal so i get over there  and  we smoke some weed and  we sit on this like red velvet couch  thing and within the first 45 minutes in  i  felt him hold my hand  [Music]  and  i  felt my heart leap into my chest  and i was like  oh my gosh like  i'm holding joss's hand like  am i developing a crush and as i was  driving home  i was like  my mind was going crazy i was like  having a little panic attack and i was  like  i was like  aaron  you can't have a crush on joss like this  is crazy what are you doing but then the  other part of me was like  aaron you've never had a crush before on  anyone and you've never had a boyfriend  before or anything and so you should  indulge this and you should do so for  the sake of love and destiny and i was  like ah  anyway the next thing i know joss and i  are secretly dating the weight of the  secrecy was  heavy and  incredibly anxiety inducing um  i really it was such i faced such  conflict in every waking moment of my  life at work  but at the same time  i cherished my time with jaw so much  we saw movies and we had lightsaber  battles and we smoked weed and we had  fun dancing his place like at dance  parties at his house and  i never really been into dancing before  like my friends could never drag me to  the club  but somehow joss managed to get me to  like dancing i had never felt this way  about anyone before and  i just  felt like i had to do it you know  because  i felt like  [Music]  i was meant to do it but then after  a few weeks  of this  joss ended it because  he was afraid of hurting me and because  he was moving to london soon and he was  you know going through a lot with his  you know  separation divorce thing with his  ex-wife and stuff  and i was really sad but i understood  but then after comic-con  we started back up again and  we were dating for the rest of the  summer  um and  for the sake of transparency  for him um  i  was very clear i i told him that i was a  virgin  and  he was very kind about it and he never  pressured me to have sex with him or  anything  um  although he was definitely into it he  was definitely he definitely was into  the idea that i was a virgin but i also  never felt like i felt like i never felt  pressured to do anything with him it was  all totally consensual  um  and you know i did want to  um  and  we  went on this like fancy wine vacation in  napa valley over labor day weekend  um before he was set to leave for london  and  i felt like it could happen then  um  but we were both  too nervous and it just became awkward  but  we still had fun and it was such a  whirlwind and  i just kept saying to myself  i just need to live in the moment  and enjoy this experience for what it is  but deep down  i knew  for the first time in my life  i was in love  after our trip to napa joss ended things  and moved to london to make age of  ultron  i was devastated but  i knew i just had to double down and  focus on my job all i could think about  was how much i missed joss and  how much i wish we could be together  again then in december we reconnected  and by january i had booked tickets to  visit him in london  after the season one wrap party i  basically kept a countdown clock on my  computer for london um waiting for the  day that i was to leave  um  and finally  after the wrap party which was a super  amazing success in my opinion um  and i think everyone else thought so too  um  i flew to london and  uh  i was i flew with one of my closest  friends as well we basically had planned  this whole vacation together  and um my our trip was mostly just the  two of us but  um as soon as i got there  i immediately went to go  um have dinner with joss  and we had an amazing reunion  and it was everything i could have  dreamed um like i even had this like  amazing blowout that i had gotten before  i left la and like i arrived and it was  like perfectly intact like everything  was like going my way and  we um we just had an amazing night and  i lost my virginity that night  and i had never  been more happy in my entire life  plus i also got to go to stonehenge and  like be amongst the stones which is  really cool  joss was set to come back that august  and i felt like maybe we could become  official  and if we become official i couldn't be  technically his employee even though  you know he was never like my direct  boss but like  he was still a credit executive producer  on the show that i worked on so and  there was obviously a power dynamic and  stuff and so i was like well if i get a  new job then there won't be that problem  anymore and so i resolved to  find a way to transition to another  assistant job  jed and marissa called me into their  office  and they looked really serious  and they sat me down and they said that  they decided that they were not gonna  ask me back for season two  and i was so shocked i  broke down into tears i i knew things  had been tense between us a little bit  in the past few months  but i really thought i had redeemed  myself with the wrap party like i  i honestly didn't think i didn't expect  to get fired like i was just i was taken  aback you know i sat there at my desk  crying wow this poor marvel security  dude had to like watch me like delete  these emails it was just  it was horrible and  i sobbed in the car all the way home and  i just cried for i don't even know how  long like  somehow my dream job had turned into a  nightmare  i didn't say anything to joss at first  because i was so humiliated um  but obviously eventually he found out  and  he texted me you know that he felt so  bad and he asked us if i was okay and  i said i was and that i would figure  something out  but in reality i had no idea what i was  going to do  i had asked jenna marissa why they let  me go  but they didn't tell me um and  i didn't know how to explain why i was  leaving shield to potential employers  and no one wants to hire a fire  assistant  um and to this day i don't know why they  fired me  um  some people close to me suspected that  it was because they knew about me and  joss  but i can't say for certain  um so i decided to swallow my pride and  ask my dad for  financial assistance um while i worked  on my own writing for a little while my  dad and i didn't really have a close  relationship at this time  um but i think that he was impressed by  my entrepreneurial spirit  um and was like okay you have six months  and i was like  sweet a week or so later i was about to  walk into my therapist's office again  wasn't a lot of therapy at this time  um and  i got a text from joss and  i texted him back i was like  hey dude like you want to come over and  sit here and just watch me uh  meet my deadline of my own for my script  like kind of you know referencing uh the  beginning of it all and  he laughed and was like hey you know i'm  so sorry i can't make it today but if  you want to come over  um  fly out tonight and i'll pay your way  because we're on bank holiday this  weekend and i was like  what and i like  i walked into my therapist office and i  was like um joss wants to fly me to  london tonight and she's like uh what  are you doing here then and i was like  permission granted and i like left  immediately and drove  all the way home and packed a bag and  the next thing i knew  i was on a flight to london i spent five  days  chilling at his place and working on my  script and we were having a lot of fun  and  he told me that when he got back to the  states  that he wanted to keep seeing me the  best part about that summer was that  joss and i were still texting all the  time and honestly it was his support and  texts that helped me get through  all that stuff and  more than ever i just couldn't wait for  him to get back to the states  i was basically bedridden  with anxiety and depression about  everything um my script rewrites were  basically collecting dust for months and  i had like no energy to even move  my six months was soon to be up and i  had no idea what i was doing with my  life  but worst of all  joss had just gotten back to the us  but he was acting really distant towards  me over text  one day in late august  i got an email from joss  and he said basically  that  he couldn't have a girlfriend  and  it felt like  my heart  like was ripped out of my chest  the pain was so extreme like  physically emotionally  i like plunged into like  the darkest  the darkest time of my life i was like  hurtling towards rock bottom like  at warp speed and  on my way there i like read every book  on psychology like three days after my  kundalini awakening experience i began  finishing the rewrites on my script  which was called  arcana i decided okay well  i guess i'll just send this to my  roommate and see if she likes it and so  she read it and she sent it to  one of her assistant friends and then  her assistant friend showed it to her  boss  and  uh the next thing i knew  i was sitting in the office of a  production company called good universe  um very appropriately named production  company  and i was chatting with um  this  creative executive  her name was also aaron and she  um was like hey so we love this and  uh would it be okay if um  we developed this and i was like  sure yeah and she was like there's one  caveat though  sam raimi also has to be attached to it  and she was like are you okay with that  and i'm like um  [Music]  yeah i was like what the heck is  happening like i went from basically  like having no prospects to within a  week  you know  having this my script basically be  you know in development for me to be a  showrunner and  i had sam raimi attached to executive  produce i could hardly believe that  within  literally  five months and three weeks i had gone  from  fired showrunner's assistant and  unceremoniously dumped by joss whedon  um to show runner of my own tv show they  brought out a bottle of champagne and  they were telling me that i was going to  be the next joss whedon  if you've known me on youtube  or if you're one of the few people  who's never watched my youtube channel  but has for many years known me face to  face in real life  you've heard me say again and again  that short-term  self-centered thinking  starts to resemble evil  with enough repetition  with the passage of time  you can live your life surrounded by  people who don't think of themselves as  evil who don't think of their  motivations as evil who don't think  of their objectives as evil  but they're selfish  and they're not even thinking about the  consequences of their actions  five years from now for themselves  for the other people  in their lives  not even for people they love  people they profess they love people  they pretend  they love much less the people they may  simply  use  as a means to an end  i warn  again and again  people who've known me without ever  watching this youtube channel they've  all heard it  short-term  self-centered thinking  starts to resemble  evil  but once in a while  you got to deal with a guy like joss  whedon  you got to deal with a guy  who thinks  long term  and what he was doing  with this young woman  over many years  and it seems reasonable  to assume  given the evidence of many different  young women who've come forward  that during those years  she was not the only one  if i may speculate a little bit here  what he was doing with this young woman  was making  a minimal amount of effort  taking a minimal  amount of risk  adopting  a minimum amount  of responsibility  while having a maximum  impact  on her life  you can say whatever you want to  criticize her including  somewhat skeptical cross-examination  of her own motivations i think she's  sincere when she says that she fell in  love  i think she's also sincere when she says  that she went to hollywood  with a plan  and her experience of falling in love  may have been shaped by preconceived  notions that she partly got from  watching television as a child including  watching television shows written by  josh sweden and it may have partly been  shaped by her own ambitions and her own  plans  perhaps in part  in ways she wasn't aware of herself but  whatever you may want to say in  criticizing or cross-examining or  skeptically considering  the young woman's motivations  joss whedon is a rare example of a man  who's completely selfish  he's not thinking about the consequences  for anyone other than himself  but he's acting and he's strategizing  long term  and i guarantee you  when he first met her at that job  interview  he was already thinking about  what he was going to do a few months  later and each one of those times when  he broke up with her  he was aware that he was putting her in  this position where all he had to do was  make one phone call send one text  message one email and say hey  can you get on an airplane  and fly out here today  loving someone  is it helping them  or is it harming them  seducing someone  making someone  fall in love  with you  there are consequences  when other people  fall in love with us whether or not we  have any  control over it  we think of it  as helping others  but when we're selfish when we're  self-centered whether we think and act  short-term or long-term  love itself  soon enough becomes something very  destructive  very harmful for ourselves  and for those we claim  we love